README.md, before:

# MATLAB-Coursework-Comptutational-Fluid-Dynamics
This respository contains 2 sets of files for the 2 courseworks written in MATLAB for the AERO96014- Computational Fluid Dynamics module
from Imperial College's MEng Aeronautical Engineering 

Set 1: Coursework 1 



Set 2: Coursework 2

The objective of this course work assignment is the development of a computer
code and the assessment of its results for the solution of the 1D Euler equations
using the Flux Vector Splitting method. The method will be applied to the
solution of the Riemann shock tube problem.

1. shock_analytic.dat
2. Shocktube_Analytic_DrPapadakis.m
3. Shocktube_numerical_Xerxes_MultiGrid.m
4. Shocktube_numerical_Xerxes_SingleGrid.m
5. Xerxes_ CFD_CW2
6. Coursework2.Handout

Comments: File 2. contains the analytical solution to the Riemann shock tube problem written by Dr George Papadakis. The output has been stored
          in File 1. File 3. contains the numerical solution  developed following the Flux Vector Splitting Method for a single grid size
          while File 4. contains a similar solution 3 different grid sizes. Data from File 1. is plotted alongside the numerical solution 
          in Files 3 and 4. File 5. contains the report submitted for this coursework and File 6. contains the coursework description
To run: 
1) Ensure Files 1., File 3. and File 4. are in the same folder.
2) Run either File 3. or File 4.

Commit message:

Updated README with Coursework 1 contents

README.md, after:

# MATLAB-Coursework-Comptutational-Fluid-Dynamics
This respository contains 2 sets of files for the 2 courseworks written in MATLAB for the AERO96014- Computational Fluid Dynamics module
from Imperial College's MEng Aeronautical Engineering 

Set 1: Coursework 1 

The objective of this course work assignment is the implementation of the semi-Lagrangian numerical method to solve the Advection Equation

1.	Coursework1_Handout.pdf
2.	semi-Lagrangian_Q10.m
3.        semi-Lagrangian_Q11.m
4.        Xerxes_CFD_CW1.pdf

Comments: File 1. contains the coursework description. File 2. and 3. contain the scripts for questions 10 and 11 of the coursework. File 4. contains the report submitted for this coursework

To run:

1.	File 2. and 3. can be runned individually

=========================================================================================================================================================================

Set 2: Coursework 2

The objective of this course work assignment is the development of a computer
code and the assessment of its results for the solution of the 1D Euler equations
using the Flux Vector Splitting method. The method will be applied to the
solution of the Riemann shock tube problem.

1. shock_analytic.dat
2. Shocktube_Analytic_DrPapadakis.m
3. Shocktube_numerical_Xerxes_MultiGrid.m
4. Shocktube_numerical_Xerxes_SingleGrid.m
5. Xerxes_ CFD_CW2
6. Coursework2.Handout

Comments: File 2. contains the analytical solution to the Riemann shock tube problem written by Dr George Papadakis. The output has been stored
          in File 1. File 3. contains the numerical solution  developed following the Flux Vector Splitting Method for a single grid size
          while File 4. contains a similar solution 3 different grid sizes. Data from File 1. is plotted alongside the numerical solution 
          in Files 3 and 4. File 5. contains the report submitted for this coursework and File 6. contains the coursework description
To run: 
1) Ensure Files 1., File 3. and File 4. are in the same folder.
2) Run either File 3. or File 4.
